Document GOV.UK Notify Emergency Alerts (#3087)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/notify-emergency-alerts.html.md

---
owner_slack: "#govuk-notify-emergency-alerts"
title: What is GOV.UK Notify Emergency Alerts?
layout: manual_layout
type: learn
parent: "/manual.html"
section: Notify Emergency Alerts

> important: true

Reviewer: What does `important: true` do? I've scanned govuk-developer-docs, tech-docs-gem and tech-docs-template and couldn't see any reference to functionality.

Reviewer 2: It controls what gets shown in this [`Common tasks`](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual.html#common-tasks) section I believe:

https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-developer-docs/blob/ec5e0afaa3df4daefc2d1cebc8a34b4872d83486/app/manual.rb#L10-L16

Reviewer: Ah yes - https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-developer-docs/blob/ec5e0afaa3df4daefc2d1cebc8a34b4872d83486/app/manual.rb#L45

---
owner_slack: "#govuk-notify-emergency-alerts"
title: What is GOV.UK Notify Emergency Alerts?
layout: manual_layout
type: learn
parent: "/manual.html"
section: Notify Emergency Alerts
important: true
---

> Emergency alerts are a new way for the emergency services to warn people when lives are in danger.
> 
> In an emergency, mobile phones and tablets in the affected area will receive an alert. The alert will tell people what they need to do to stay safe.
> 
> This service is being developed by the GOV.UK Notify team and mobile phone networks. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Cabinet Office and the Department for Digital, Culture, Media & Sport are developing a ‘cell broadcast’ alert system to enable people whose lives are at risk in an emergency to be rapidly contacted via their mobile phone. They are currently at the testing phase and subject to successful progress, hope to launch the service soon.
```
